Question 3

1)	Person is an entity with attributes(ID, firstName, lastName, gender, date of birth, 
	street address, city, province, occupation). It is a superclass to passenger, bus driver
	and maintenance personnel and it has an ISA relationship with these three entities.
	Its primary key is ID. It has a one-many relationship with Phone# and a one-many 
	relationship with passenger, bus driver & maintenance personnel. 

2)	Phone# is a weak entity with attributes(cell, work, home,ID) and has a many-one 
	relationship with person. Its primary key is ID which is also a foreign key from 
	Person. 
	
3) 	Passenger is an entity with attributes(ID, type) and is in a many-one relationship
	with Person. Primary key is ID. 

4) 	Bus driver is an entity with attributes(ID, salary, years of service) and has a many-one
	relationship with Infractions. It also has a many-many relationship with bus. Primary
	key is ID. 

5) 	Maintenance personnel is an entity with attributes(ID, area of specialization, level,
	years of service, salary). It's in a many-many relationship with bus which is of total 
	participation. Primary key is ID. 

6) 	Bus is an entity with attributes(busID, manufacturer, advertisement revenue, # of seats,
	fuel type, operation years, routeID). It has a many-one relationship with route. Its primary
	key is busID and its foreign key is routeID. 

7) 	Route is an entity with attributes(routeID, routeName) and has 2 many-many relationships
	with stops, one of which is a total participation. It also has a many-many relationship
	with sites of partial participation. Primary key is routeID. 

8) 	Stop is an entity with attributes(stopID, stopName) and has 3 many-many relationship
	with sites, route & schedule. It's involved in partial participation with these three
	entites. It's primary key is stopID. 

9) 	Events is an entity with attribute(# of participants, name of event, date, time,
	address) and has a many-one relationship with sites. Its primary key is name of event
	& its foreign key is siteName. 

10) 	Sites is an entity with attribute(siteName, category, address, phone #, capacity) and has a 
	one-many relationship with events. 

11) 	Infractions is a weak entity with attributes(ID, date, type of infraction, demerit 
	points, financial penalty) and has a many-one relationship with bus driver. Its foreign
	key is ID from bus driver. 

12) 	Drives is a relationship which involves bus driver & bus. It has attributes(ID, busID)
	which are primary keys for the relation. 

13) 	Rides ia a relationship which involves passenger & bus. It has attributes(ID, busID, 
	fare) with primary keys as ID and busID. 

14) 	Fix is a relationship which involves maintenance personnel & bus. It has attributes(ID, busID,
	date), all of which are the primary keys for the relation.

15)  	isOn is a relationship which involves sites & route. It has attributes(routeID, siteID), 
	both of which are primary keys for the relation.

16) 	Serves is a relationship which involves stops & route. It has attributes(routeID, stopID)
	both of which are primary keys for the relation.

17) 	Schedule is a relationship involving route & stops wih attributes(routeID, stopID, arrival
	time). It has routeID & stopID has its primary keys. 

18) 	Belongs is a relationship involving sites & stops wih attributes(stopID, siteName) 
	both of which are its primary keys.



























